Charpter 1 Exercises
***
*1.12*
Multiprocessor systems: having more than 2 processors, share the computer bus and sometimes the clock, memory, and peripheral devices.
Clustered systems differ from the multiprocessor systems described in Section 1.3.2 in that they are composed of two or more individual systems—or nodes—joined together; each node is typically a multicore system.
Clustered systems need to continue even if one or more systems in the cluster fails.

*1.13*
way 1: Paraleilzation, dividing a program into serveral components that run in parallel on individual cores
way 2: Storage-area networks(SANs)

*1.14*
Purpose of interrupts: Signal for hardware device to interact with OS. Alerting the CPU to events that require attention
Trap(or an exception) is a abnormal interrupt generated by software.
Trap happened and control is switched back to the OS.

*1.15*
HZ: Meaning the interrupt per seconds, 100HZ means 100 interrupts per seconds and one interrupt per 10 milliseconds.
jiffies: the number of timer interrupts that have occurred since the OS booted

*1.16*


*1.17*

*1.18*
Local cache is designed for storing data only used in the single core, whereas, the another level of cache is used for storing shared by different cores.

*1.19*
From slowest to fastest: 
Magnetic tapes -> Optical disk -> Hard-dist drives -> Nonvolatile memory -> Main memory -> Cache -> Registers

*1.20*
SMP systems: each peer CPU processor performs all tasks, including operating-system functions and user processes. All processors share physical memory over the system bus.

*1.21*
a: Easy for only one process. For multitasking environment, must ensure that each process obtain the most recently updated cache value.
b: We must make sure that a updated value in one cache is immediately reflected in all other caches where it resides.(usually a hardware issue)
c: when a replica is updated in one place, all other replicas are brought up to date as soon as possible

*1.22*
Memory-addressing hardware ensures that a process can execute only within its own address space

*1.23*
a. LAN, all user in the same location
b. WAN, 
c. LAN

*1.24*
OS in mobile services has less memory, limited screen size and less functionality than traditional PCs.

*1.25*
p2p system is flexible. Every node could be both client and server. Server is no longer a bottleneck.

*1.26*
Skype
Napster system

*1.27*
Open source OS have more participants. Everybody could get it, test it and fix it, promoting the completity of the OS.
Diversity.

